just generally speaking like if someone
wants to look for a therapist like how
should they go about that
it's a great question so i'm gonna
reserve my answers for
primarily the u.s um because systems are
a little bit different
in in in other parts of the world
so the first question in the united
states is do you have insurance or do
you not have insurance
so if you do have insurance
all right so that's a big dividing line
but the first thing that you can do is
if you have any kind of doctor like if
you have a general practitioner or
primary care physician
you can ask them for like
mental health support or evaluation or
referral
so you can say hey i'm concerned i may
be depressed and i was wondering like
if you had any recommendations for like
how i could get evaluated or if i could
see someone
so start with your doctor because it's
their job to like connect you to
appropriate
care second thing is
um so
if you have insurance you can actually
contact your insurance company and say
hey i'm interested in finding a mental
health provider
can i have a list of people in my area
who
provide therapy and then your insurance
company will give you like literally a
list
nowadays like insurance companies have
largely moved online so you may just be
able to search like in
you log into your like online insurance
account and then you
can search and so you can find find
providers who take your insurance
if you find a provider who takes your
insurance the insurance will cover most
of it
and then you may have to pay anywhere
between like a 15
and 50 copay depending on you know the
the particular
provider um and then your insurance
company will pay
them anywhere between 100 and 300
per visit and then you'll pay like 15 to
50.
so those are the two simplest ways a
couple of things that are really good
now is that you can search um their
websites like psychology today is a good
example
uh zen care is another one that's like
in a few united uh
u.s cities um that you can search for
therapists
like in your area and then you can see
their profiles you can see what they
specialize in
you can oftentimes also search based on
like whether they take insurance or they
don't take insurance
um so you can kind of find a provider
that way
if you don't have insurance a couple of
things that you can do is you can
like just put in your location like in
google
and type in community mental health
center so community mental health
centers
provide services for people who
otherwise can't afford them they get
like federal or state funding
to provide a necessary service and they
can actually get compensated
for seeing you despite you not having
insurance
um so they can oftentimes provide a lot
of free care
the other thing that community mental
health centers can do is help you get
insurance
so they can even walk you through the
process of getting like
some kind of insurance that may not cost
you anything
um so you can get like state medicaid or
things like that so
and the last thing that you can do is
even if you don't have insurance you can
just
ask providers uh if they have any like
free care slots available
so i about 50 to 70 of the people that i
see in my practice i don't charge money
for
historically um and so you know i think
a lot of providers
thankfully are you know that we're in it
to help people so
we um are you know okay sometimes taking
people who can't pay if we feel like we
can really help them and
things like that so i i don't think you
know most providers don't have that
percentage but most providers will have
you know a few slots open for people at
reduced fees or no fees
um so that's that's what i would say the
the next thing is that i would i would
recommend that people don't just see one
person
so if you do have the resources or
availability
you actually schedule like three
appointments with three different people
like
two weeks apart and then what you do is
like you try
like if the first person you don't like
you like see the second person
and if you don't like the second person
then you see the third person
then you kind of pick your favorite but
if you like the first person that felt
like a good fit and you feel like you
can talk to them you can cancel the
other appointments
but i think a lot of times people will
judge therapy as a whole
based on an individual provider and case
in point you know you can't really judge
haircuts based on a particular haircut
like it takes a while to find like a
good place
where you like getting your hair cut um
you know it can take a while to find
your favorite restaurant
and so you can't judge all sushi based
on one sushi restaurant there are
different kinds of sushi restaurants
so therapy is the same way does that
answer your question
yeah kind of building off on that how do
you know if a therapist is like good for
you
like is there stuff you can look out for
yeah so i think the biggest thing is
like does the person
do you feel like the person understands
you and do you guys have like a good
talking relationship do you feel like
you could come back and talk to this
person for like
the next couple of months like once a
week
or do you feel like they you know if if
it felt yeah that's that's really the
biggest thing
it's not about their background it's not
about their degree it's not about where
they trained it's like can i actually
sit with this person in a room
for one hour a week for like somewhere
between three to six months
and if the answer is yes then go for it
like why three to six months
um well that's kind of the minimum but
like the the idea is that you
you should have a sense that you can
come back and see this person
over and over again does that make sense
oh okay yeah i was just wondering if
there was like any
like statistics you're pulling from or
if it's more just
a long-term relationship that you can
build sort of yeah
it's more about that okay cool um
is there like certain kinds of therapy
that you should look out for or
like it does it depend on the problem
uh so
i think you should should try a couple
of things
so some kinds of therapy are very very
different
um so a good like kind of like
division is there's a branch of therapy
that's called
like based on something called cognitive
behavioral therapy
which is a therapy that's sort of like
very kind of like rigorous and
and kind of like it's almost more like
engineering or scientific
so they try to help you understand the
relationship between your thoughts
your emotions and your behaviors so
cognitive behavioral therapists will
give you
like exercises and like lots of kind of
stuff to think about
and do cognitive behavioral therapy is
like
it's more active um
and it's not just like sort of talking
about your feelings
the other big branch of psychotherapy is
like psychodynamic psychotherapy which
is like talking about your feelings
so it's a little bit more free form
it can sometimes take a little bit
longer to like get to the good stuff
but like i think the question is like do
you want something that's more
structured
are you someone that like approaches
therapy and says in 16 weeks i want my
social anxiety to be like
better to the point where i can go out
and i can actually engage with people
without
being like anxious all the time or
are you someone that wants to understand
like the roots
of your problem and like are willing to
invest more time
so it's kind of like are you like root
focused or result focused
and those are the two big divisions at
least you know how i'm
setting them aside right now in therapy
is like cbt's
is like very results-focused very sort
of like western in its approach it's
like let's go for
outcomes let's go for like improvement
in particular things
psychodynamic therapy is like let's help
you understand yourself
and let's help you understand like your
patterns and things like that
those are the big divisions i mean there
are lots of other kinds but
all right awesome uh so when
people generally go to a therapist if
they feel like something is wrong
so i i guess let me even back up before
that so it's like
a sign that you have cancer is like a
lump or if you have the flu you have a
cough is there stuff that you can look
out for that would kind of
say you should go to a therapist
yeah so that's a great question so let's
start by remembering that going to a
therapist is not
about treating something it's about
getting something checked out
right so if you have a lump it doesn't
mean you have cancer it just means that
you should get someone who knows
to take a look at it so that they can
tell you whether it's cancer or not
cancer
so i would say therapy is the same way
so if you don't
know like if you're feeling sad or down
every day or you're having trouble
getting stuck
like feeling stuck in life and you don't
know is it just because i'm lazy or
could i have
like clinical depression
that's when you should go see someone
because it's not your job to know it's
their job
to tell you and figure it out and help
you out
so the first thing to understand is that
i think generally speaking people should
have a very low
threshold to go and see a therapist for
an evaluation or psychiatrist
in fact i think it's like i honestly
think that everyone in our community
could benefit from a mental health
evaluation
it's almost like an annual physical just
go check get checked out
now so that i think sort of answers your
question
the second part is like when do you know
if you really need to talk to someone
and i'd say that like if you're
suffering or struggling
or you feel like you're not able to do
what you should be doing
then i think that's another reason to
get an evaluation
so in psychiatry what we look at is
impairment of function
so how do i decide if someone is
depressed or sad
like as a psychiatrist what i look at is
is there sadness
interfering with their ability to
function are they not able to work are
they not able to
do school or like is school
significantly impacted
is work significantly impacted are they
not able to maintain relationships
and so function is impacted then you
should definitely go see someone
okay cool um so like if someone
this gets kind of confusing just because
it's like you can feel depressed without
being
like having the clinical depression
right but if you
think or if you have an inkling that you
have like depression you should probably
go get checked out right
right you should just go get a value
rating it's just like a lump that needs
to be looked at by a doctor
going along with that if someone is
resistant to
going to therapy do you think that's a
sign or how
would how would you interpret that
i think that's a question about why
they're resistant to
going for therapy right so like what
makes you hesitant
to go that's worth exploring
so there can be all kinds of answers is
it because you don't think there's
anything wrong with you
is it because you don't think it's gonna
help like you're hopeless
is it because
you don't think it's gonna work is it
because of the label
is it because you don't want to get
prescribed medication or you don't want
to be like
you know dependent on something for the
rest of your life
it can also be because you want to do it
on your own
right so some people are like yeah i
want to conquer this problem on my own
i don't want anyone's help i want to do
it my way and i want to do it by myself
so there can be all kinds of reasons so
i think you should look at those
is there anything do you think a person
could do in terms of like
labels or judgments because if someone's
if someone feels there's a stigma to
going to therapy like
but they they i don't know how else to
explain but they may benefit from it
like how could they overcome that
so if you're talking about overcoming
stigma i think like the biggest
source of overcoming that is experience
right so like you should be a critical
thinker
about your own beliefs and ask yourself
why do i have these perceptions of
therapy or psychiatry
and then you should try it it's kind of
like yeah like i so
you know it's kind of like people i mean
i know most people eat sushi now but
like
you know when i was growing up like not
not many people eastern east texas like
ate sushi
they thought the thought of eating raw
fish was disgusting
because it's like you know you go to the
grocery store and you see like the fish
counter
and like you like i'm not gonna eat that
raw like you gotta cook that
and and so like you know how do you get
someone to try sushi like you have to
get them to try it once
and then like if they try sushi then
like most people eat sushi after they
try it
and they're like oh this is actually
pretty good and so i think the biggest
thing to overcome stigma is to
understand like why do you feel that way
and what's the harm in like actually
trying it
before you make a judgment
and that's really what overcome stigma
is actual experience
another thing people are saying about
hesitant to therapy is money i was
wondering if you
like had any resources or ways around
that
yeah so so this is why i think like
organizations like rise above the
disorder are fantastic
so rad is actually committed to
delivering
mental health services to our community
in spite of people's like inability to
pay so they get they're a non-profit
they get funded actually by the industry
i think riot games gave them like a
gigantic pile of money
um and so you know there are
organizations out there that are
committed to helping you
so you can check out rad the other thing
is that if you're a student
oftentimes you have a student mental
health clinic or like you have you know
university health services
um if you're like a high school student
if you have like a school counselor like
so your school will actually provide
stuff for you
um and and like i said earlier like
community mental health centers will
usually provide free services to people
and then the last thing you can do is as
you know send
emails to people and basically kind of
bag it can be a little bit humiliating
but you can say hey i'd really like to
work with you if you find a profile that
you like
i'd really like to work with you i don't
think i can afford your rates
is there any option and sometimes people
will say yeah
even on the therapy websites you'll see
that like
they have an option for sliding scale so
some therapists will even like check a
box that says yeah i do a sliding scale
i mean sliding scale means that they'll
charge you like something along the
lines of what you can afford
and another interesting thing was you
said that like kind of the diy
um i kind of want to get more thoughts
more of your thoughts
about that like people who want to kind
of diy mental health
yeah so i think that that's reasonable
but you should still probably get
evaluated
so i don't think that mental health is
all
mental illness that requires treatment
so there you know there are lots of
stories and people
you know myself included that
changed a lot of their mental health
through practices that were not
treatment and so i think that that's
okay
but like i think that if you're the real
question there about diy
is like can you afford to take the time
to figure things out and what are the
consequences if you fail
so when i really think about mental
health services and when not to do it
diy it really depends on time
so if i have like a sophomore in like
let's say college
and like they're struggling with
depression i would try to get them in
treatment
fast because if they [ __ ] around for a
year and their depression causes them to
like fail a few classes
that can alter their trajectory for the
rest of their life
um it can affect chances to get into
grad school it can get affect
you know job prospects and things like
that so depending on the consequences
i i do think that sort of like so i
think it's worthwhile to get evaluated
and see if you actually have like a
clinical thing and then let the
psychiatrist or therapist weigh in about
like you know
whether treatment is necessary or not so
i have
a lot of people who come to me and they
say like i don't want medications and
i'll say okay i think they'll help you
but if you don't want it what i'll do is
come up with a plan for them and i'll be
like okay like let's set some targets
so i'm going to teach you how to
meditate we're going to talk once a week
we're going to track these particular
things and if by a certain time
you don't see a certain kind of
improvement
then i'd like to talk to you about
medications again
and so the diy route i'd sort of think
about it like that like think about it
like
you know what's your target and when are
you expecting results by
and if you don't see those then you
should really think about getting help
and then the other thing about diy is
i'd go ahead and get evaluated and make
sure that it's safe for you to like not
you know to avoid treatment for some
amount of time or delay treatment
another thing people are saying in terms
of
uh resistance to going to therapy is
they just feel like hopeless um it's not
like they're suicidal but they just
don't
they just feel like everything is a
waste of time there's like no point
living
how like how would you even begin to if
you're that person
help themselves or if you know them like
help them
um so that's kind of hard
right because what i actually do with
those people
is not something that i can advise on
stream
so what i actually do with those people
is like
you talk to them about why things are
hopeless and like you don't try to
convince them otherwise
you actually like try to see their
hopelessness for what it is
and meet them where they're at and then
together
you try to work with them to see if
there's like any road
forward
which i know is like so so that's that's
like so people think that what we do on
stream is therapy and like what i
actually do in therapy is like quite
different
and and so so you know it's it's
actually meeting people where they're at
which is like okay if you feel like your
life is hopeless like tell me about that
let's talk about why your life is
hopeless and then
you you don't disagree with anything
that they say and then you see like
after they've laid out why things are
hopeless
is there anything left that's worth
exploring
and that's usually what works but i
think that that's a very difficult
process to do on your own
because generally speaking if you had
like most people who were hopeless
weren't born that way their hopelessness
comes
from having hope trying something and
getting shot down
and then trying something else and
getting shut down again
trying the third thing the fourth thing
the fifth thing the sixth thing the
seventh thing and getting shot down
seven eight nine ten times 11 times 12
times
and so it's really hard to ask someone
on their own who's been shot down
so many times to try to find hope
and and so like all you know is failure
then like
it's hard for you to by yourself kind of
come out of that
so i guess what i would tell those
people is understand that like that's
your experience
but other people may be able to help you
with that
because at the end of the day like the
problem for people who are hopeless is
that
they've been living their lives on their
own
and like it can really help to have you
know you like you're playing a
multiplayer game single
player like it's kind of like you can
get an npc henchman
that can supplement your weaknesses and
you would be amazed at what you can
accomplish
right it's like if you're playing like a
fighter or rogue and you have like a
dedicated healer just like
sitting there like casting buffs on you
like you can do a lot better at life
and so it's not wrong for the rogue to
think that they like
they're gonna fail because they just
keep on wiping like you can go into a
raid boss
as a single person and wipe over and
over and over and over and over again
and then you can logically conclude
there's no way like this boss is ob the
game is broke
but like get a healer and then try
what's interesting about that analogy is
someone just said use people but it's
like it's a mutually beneficial thing
right sure
i mean generally speaking they get
compensated right so you're not using
there's an exchange but sometimes they
don't get compensated and that's okay
too
right as long as like both both as long
as both parties are aware of what's
going on so like when i do see like a
free care patient like
i know they're not paying me they know
they're not paying me that's cool
go for it bro no problem with that as
long as both sides are aware
i think using people sounds like
manipulative
because i think there's like there's a
lack of transparency
but i think if you know if someone how
can i say this like if you're if you've
got a flat tire on the side of the road
and someone like pulls over and they try
to help you with your flat tire
there's no confusion that this is a
one-way relationship that's not gonna be
compensated which is fine
you could say that you're using them to
help you with your flat tire
but as long as you're transparent from
the beginning i think that's fine people
it's okay to like
have a one-way relationship that's not
even
using people implies that it's
manipulative or you're like
have an ulterior motive so that's
happened to me too
where people will tell me yeah no like i
can i can pay you
and then they won't pay me that's
different i'd be like just
tell me you can't pay me and i would
have been fine with it but it sucks to
tell me that you can pay me and then
like you don't pay me
i don't know if that was too far no that
i think that explains it
um switching gears a little bit i was
wondering if there's any limitations to
therapy
or like i'll start there yeah
yeah so i'd say the biggest limitation
to therapy is therapy is not going to
fix you
so like therapy is like you know like
the healer and rogue analogy
like the healer's there to heal you but
like you still have to do the dps
the healer's not going to down the raid
boss for you he was just going to heal
you
he's still got to do the work so a lot
of people
come to therapy thinking that if i show
up here
for one hour a week for the next six
months my problems will be solved
not how it works the patients that have
benefited the most
from my therapy are the ones that do the
work
between our sessions and for for that
it's like i'm telling you guys
it's night and day so
you know the biggest limitation of
therapy is it's not like another medical
treatment where like you go
to let's say you know if you like have
appendicitis you go into the hospital
they like literally remove your appendix
and then you leave the next day and the
problem is fixed you're done
that's how western medicine works it's
like my arteries are clogged
you don't have to worry about exercise
just come into the hospital
we'll take a vein from your leg we'll
graft it onto your heart
and you'll be good so western medicine
is very much
and this is the relationship that we
have with our providers is like all
about
i'm going to show up my doctor is going
to fix things for me and then i'm going
to leave
it's kind of like a mechanic for the
body but therapy is not like that
so if you're showing up expecting to be
fixed by your therapist
you're not going to get much help
you got to do your part that's the
biggest limitation of therapy
and then so i guess you can't already
answer the question but more
specifically are there any other common
problems with therapy
like that people face and it's a little
bit of a caveat but
like your thoughts first are there
yeah i mean so
i mean i think there are a lot of
problems with therapy as a field
but i don't know if that's like about
people like people
common problems that they're that people
let me think about that
yeah so one thought that i would have is
that if you're doing therapy for a while
and it doesn't feel like it's working or
helping
then consider finding a different
therapist
and the other problem i guess
with therapy is kind of contrary to that
is that sometimes it can be hard to see
change
so they're like change over therapy
happens slowly and you don't really
notice it
so it's kind of like you wake up and you
look at yourself in the mirror every
morning and you look the same as you did
the day before
but then you look at a picture of
yourself five years ago and you look
like a completely different person
so therapy is the same way where
you know you can like it can feel like a
problem it can feel like you're not
making any progress
even though you are
which can be part of the problem but
yeah so i'd say that's another just
a caution about therapy more so than a
limitation that you may not be able to
see the progress but it could be
happening
actually okay so like
are there signs when you should end
therapy then
yeah when you're feeling better or
you're ready to move on
easy yeah i know it sounds weird but
like
trust yourselves guys like how do you
know when it's like
when you when you're done playing a
video game
like how do you know right like so i
know a lot of people feel like they're
never done we can make lots of jokes but
like how do you know when you're like
done for
like how do you know when you're ready
to play a new game like how do you know
that you just know
like ah this shit's boring now let me
try something else so with therapy like
you'll know
and your therapists will know too right
because they're going to be tracking
things for you and it's kind of like
so i have this conversation with people
where sometimes they come in with
depression we work on the depression for
a while
then one day they come in and then we're
like okay so like
you know things are pretty good and then
it's like okay so now we're sort of done
with depression
is there something else you want to work
on so like that phase of therapy is over
and then like there could be like
another phase
which is actually for me more like
coaching so i usually have like i'm a
psychiatrist first and then i like move
into coaching
which is what i really like doing it's
just not treating something that's
broken it's like helping people
like find meaning and purpose in life
but anyway sorry for going off
off topic there oh um should you change
therapists based off of tackling
different issues that's probably
something you should talk about with
your therapist
so some therapists specialize in
different kinds of things
and i think it's reasonable to find a
different therapist for a different kind
of issue
and at the same time i would just talk
to them about it
and see what they say be like hey i'd
like to work on this is this something
that you think we can work on together
or would you you know should i try to
find a different kind of therapist
so like a lot of it comes down to just
like being
honest and talk about things you want to
talk about with the therapist right
because it's kind of weird because i
would
see how people would want to hold back
on saying stuff like that
yeah so that's a great point absolutely
so i think the thing that you all need
to remember about your therapist
is that you can tell them pretty much
anything and it's actually like the cool
thing about it is it's like the one
space where you get to say things that
you normally don't say
and and i don't mean like racial slurs
but like what i mean is you can go
into your therapist's office for the
first time
sit down and say hey i really don't want
to be here
you could that's gonna be the first
words out of your mouth i don't think
this is gonna work
i think this is a waste of my time i
want to be able to do it myself
i think what you guys do is a crock of
[ __ ] and i don't want to be here
and that would be the best thing you can
say to your therapist your therapist
will be
overjoyed
you can say hey i don't think this is
working i'm bored
i've been doing this for a few months
and i don't feel like i'm making any
progress
all good stuff completely fine to say
oh what should you do on your first
session
what should you do in your first session
yeah you should walk into your
therapist's office and ask them that
that's right a lot a lot of these
questions seem like
questions you should ask your therapist
like
should religion be used in therapy
i mean it can't it can be
so i tend to have a pretty spiritual
approach to the kind of therapy that i
do
so much so that one of my supervisors
basically once so one of my therapy
supervisors once fired me
sort of and she was like i don't know
what this guy is doing
but it's not therapy he's talking about
a lot of [ __ ] that i don't understand
and it's not therapy
so i mean i think you can have religion
and spirituality can
definitely have a place in therapy um
but that's sort of dependent on the
person and dependent on the therapist
i tend to bake a lot of it in because
but then i also ask people for
permission
so i'll be like you know i sort of have
a spiritual background like is it okay
if i like
include that in the way that i talk to
you
generally speaking though most people
come to me because they're looking for
that
and this is why we have websites and
profiles so that people can pick what
they're looking for
um i i don't know how to like put this
in a question but can you
address the i need dr k kind of type
requests
that people are like you are the only
one who will
like help yeah so
i'm gonna ask permission for to play a
clip for you
guys from someone
so there was so so you know so i do
coaching
and we also have coaching groups right
so you guys can sign up and
depending on the role of the dice you
can get paired with different people
so i run a group and the group ended
recently
and so we were just kind of offering
feedback about the end of the group
and i couldn't have said it better
myself but one person was like i came to
this group because i thought dr k
was the only one that could help me like
i was convinced that he was the only one
and he understood me so well
and he's he's the only one that could
help me
after 16 weeks of working with dr k i
realized that
i never needed him and that like really
what i needed
like the only person i needed was myself
and that's the truth and that's like the
best feedback that i could get
is everyone has this perception that
what you guys need is me but like that's
you all don't
need me you know it's kind of like just
because you watch a cooking show and
there's like an amazing
you know like like those amazing
five-star chef or whatever who's like
making this food like sure that food
that dude makes delicious food but
there's like delicious food all over the
place
i know that a lot of people feel like
i'm the only one for them and believe me
it's flattering but i think you guys
don't know me as well as i do
and i think you'd be surprised at what
you're capable of is if you put your
mind to it and work with
just anything like really any therapist
it's about what you guys put in not
about what we put in
the last thing that i want to say i'm
going to read something to you guys
okay so there's a post on our subreddit
right now
that says today's chat with zach and his
father dave is probably the most
incredible thing healthy gamer has ever
done
so i want you guys to think about this
for a second
what makes that incredible
because it's not me right so like i'm
the constant and healthy gamer but what
makes that so impactful is like zack and
day
like sure i'm the common element but if
you really think about it like why are
like the reason that some things are
impactful and other things are not
impactful if it was me then everything
we
would do would be like equally impactful
but it's not
it's the person who comes on that makes
things
impactful or not that's where the money
is
that's where the value is the real value
comes from you
you just think it comes from me because
you always see my face
but if you really think about it the
bulk of healing
doesn't come from me
it comes from the people who come on
stream it comes from you
and so for those of you who think that
you you need dr k like i don't doubt
that i could help you
but i i really am like not that special
the thing is what i i mean i fail too
and what what causes me to fail or
succeed
depends on the person sitting across
from me because i can't fix
them they have to fix themselves i'm
just going to help
and so the real thing that you need for
your success is not me
is you if you show up and you give it
your best effort with a therapist i
think you're gonna do a good job
and that's what we hear from people
right like
even zach on on wednesday's stream was
like yeah i started seeing a therapist
and i've i've gotten a little bit better
turns out he's probably gotten a lot
better
but like he didn't need me like i don't
think any of y'all
need me specifically
i know it sounds weird but the real
money is on
on you it's like there's no i mean that
doesn't it's just how it is
so like kind of going along with that it
feels like people think there's almost a
skill gap within therapy
but it's more about the person
undergoing therapy
right there's a skill gap i mean there
can be a skill gap in therapy though
right so it's
let's be fair so just like any
profession
they're good therapists and they're
shitty therapists
i think the money though is that like
even if you guys get a
like let's think about healers right
like there's an amazing healer in
an mmo and then there are shitty healers
in mmos
but most healers do a like a pretty good
job
they do like good enough and that's what
i think therapy is
like most therapists are good enough and
that's really all you guys need because
this is where like you have to think
about how [ __ ] up are you
we have a disagreement about how much
you all suck at life
i actually have a lot of faith that most
of y'all are pretty decent awesome human
beings
who are smart and capable and all you
need is a little bit of help
so i think you guys could have an
average or above average therapist and
you'd get a lot out of it because i have
faith in our community
and if you sucked then maybe you would
need a great therapist maybe
but i think you guys are actually like
pretty good and so you just need like
you need like a basic healer
you don't need like a platinum healer
you just need like a silver healer
and you all do good just give them a
shot
like a healer off of craigslist
absolutely
right because you might be not that
actually no don't do that don't
don't call craigslist to look for a
therapist yeah but like like seriously
y'all can carry that [ __ ]
you don't need a therapist to carry
anything
seriously